1. Brentwood mall specifically the outdoor area near the sky train and fountain
2. This public space has a lot of food traffic and public activities throughout the year including games, sport viewings, and concerts
3.  I learned there are two ways people process information, through their emotions and through logic with emotions being connected primarily to smell. "Our ability to distinguish colours, like our binocular stereoscopic vision, is shared with relatively few other animals. It has, therefore, considerable importance environmentally in terms of emotion, sensation, mental states, and symbolism." Compare Brentwood overall colour theme to that of their stores.  "In terms of urban design, it would not be difficult to manipulate acoustic space in cities as well as in buildings (Scheer 1979). But one condition for an auditorily-pleasant environment is a reduction in the noise of machine and motor sounds." Observe if during peak hours of road movement effect use of Brentwood's outdoor spaces. "The keynote smell in our cities has become, like the keynote sound, that of the motor vehicle." Compare foot traffic in areas close to Lougheed hwy vs areas that are not. "An increased use of textured sidewalks (gravel, tile, metal, glass, brick, wood) and Portuguese-style mosaics would greatly enhance the sensuous pleasure of city walking." Compare tiled vs non-tiled surface use at Brentwood. By using all my senses I can declare if Brentwood open area is a good addition compared to closed malls like Metrotown.